Petya Princess today talk about the very
mainly difference
but in 4 from the previous parts of the series
be sure to put likes if you want
see more videos on this game and
let's start a long time ago you guessed it
what's the biggest difference
fnaf 4 from past parts is complete
lack of video cameras and tablet on
really very interesting move which
fully
changes the gameplay and make it perfectly
others as we know
distinctive feature of the game series
five nights with freddie was just that
that it was necessary to play a guard who
always stayed in one place and not
could go anywhere and also watched
animatronics through video cameras
This gameplay mechanics immediately fell in love
many people
watching animatronics through
camcorder was something new and
unique
However, it is not clear why in the fourth
parts scott decided to do things differently
but let's not underestimate scott
Russia and we will believe that
the fourth part will be the worst
throughout the series
Now we take the trailer and try
suggest how will be implemented
moving around the room out of use
trailer cameras can be seen
that a child can't get out of its
rooms maybe he's just scared
but the fact is it that not leaving the room
it will most likely be possible
fast moving forward ie
the child will be able to fit the doors to
the room
and peeking to scare
animatronics from their room also
will be able to turn around and
look back or go to the closet
peek inside or hide heed
also think that when you close his door
it was necessary to keep it not
has opened
and if you move away from it to open Leary
again
so it’s not possible to close
all doors also in the trailer there is one
interesting corridor to follow
for cuhoy I hope you enjoy the issue and
write in the comments and whether you like
you new gameplay without video cameras
be sure to put likes tell
about this video to all your friends and
familiar
join my VKontakte group and
subscribe to my happy channel and
wait for my next videos wish you success
to new meetings